DRAKKARIS.
[ APPLAUSE ]
♪
>> Announcer: LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, YOUR HOST FOR
TONIGHT'S "EMMYS," JIMMY KIMMEL.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THANK YOU.
I WANT TO DO ONE QUICK THING
BEFORE WE GET STARTED.
JUST GIVE ME ONE MOMENT IF YOU
WOULD.
WHERE'S JEFFREY TAMBOR.
THERE YOU GO.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
[ APPLAUSE ]
ALL RIGHT.
THAT SAVED US 22 MINUTES.
WHAT ELSE?
THE REST OF YOU, IF YOUR SHOW
DOESN'T HAVE A DRAGON OR A WHITE
BRONCO IN IT, GO HOME RIGHT NOW.
AND THE WINNER OF TONIGHT'S PLUS
ONE CONTEST, SARAH PAULSON, WHO
PLAYED MARCIA CLARK, AND BROUGHT
MARCIA CLARK WITH HER TONIGHT.
EVERYONE IN L.A. KNOWS, IF YOU
WANT TO WIN, SIT NEXT TO MARCIA
CLARK.
[ LAUGHTER ]
HI, MARCIA.
ARE YOU ROOTING FOR O.J. TO WIN
THIS TIME?
THIS MUST BE STRANGE FOR YOU.
JOHN TRAVOLTA IS HERE.
WELCOME BACK TO TELEVISION,
WE'RE HAPPY TO HAVE YOU.
SO, QUICK QUESTION FOR YOU.
IF YOU WIN, ARE YOU GOING TO
THANK O.J.?
I MEAN, HOW DO YOU HANDLE THAT?
TECHNICALLY, YOU WOULDN'T BE
HERE WITHOUT HIM, RIGHT?
ESPECIALLY, YOU, CUBA.
HE WAS SO GOOD IN "THE PEOPLE
VERSUS O.J. SIMPSON."
HE PLAYED O.J. SO WELL, I NOW
BELIEVE CUBA MAY HAVE DONE IT.
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT WE COME
TOGETHER TO CELEBRATE ALL THE
AMAZING SHOWS WE WILL NEVER GET
AROUND TO WATCHING ON
TELEVISION.
GLORIOUS TELEVISION, IT HAS THE
ABILITY TO MAKE US LAUGH AND
CRY, AND DURING CERTAIN KEY
PARTS OF "GAME OF THRONES,"
MASTURBATE.
OH, THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
HI, JON SNOW.
YOU'RE MY FREEBIE, YOU KNOW.
I'M SO GLAD THEY BROUGHT JON
SNOW BACK TO LIFE.
AFTER 68 YEARS, TELEVISION STILL
MANAGES TO SURPRISE US.
I NEVER IMAGINED MY FAVORITE TV
MOM WOULD BE LOUIE ANDERSON.
BUT HE IS.
LOUIE PLAYS, IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
HIM, HE PLAYS ZACH'S MOTHER ON
THE SHOW "BASKETS."
ORIGINALLY THEY WERE GOING TO
CAST A WOMAN FOR THE ROLE, BUT
IT'S HARD TO FIND A WOMAN OVER
50 WHO NEEDS A PART, SO THEY
WENT TO LOUIE.
FORTUNATELY, THERE ARE MORE
ROLES AND MORE DIVERSITY THAN
EVER BEFORE.
HERE IN HOLLYWOOD, THE ONLY
THING WE VALUE MORE THAN
DIVERSITY IS CONGRATULATING
OURSELVES ON HOW MUCH WE VALUE
DIVERSITY.
THE EMMYS, THEY'RE SO DISVERSE
THIS YEAR, THE OSCARS ARE
TELLING PEOPLE WE'RE ONE OF
THEIR CLOSEST FRIENDS.
WE'RE NOT, BY THE WAY.
BUT IN ALL SERIOUSNESS, THIS IS
A VERY POSITIVE THING, AND I
THINK WE NEED TO TAKE A MOMENT
TO APPRECIATE HOW FAR WE'VE
COME.
IN FACT, IF YOU ARE A PERSON OF
COLOR IN OUR AUDIENCE TONIGHT,
ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE A NOMINEE,
PLEASE FIND A WHITE PERSON.
IT SHOULDN'T BE HARD, I SEE A
BUNCH OF THEM, PLEASE REACH OUT
AND SAY, THANKS FOR YOUR
BRAVERY.
THERE YOU GO.
MAKE A RAINBOW CONNECTION.
I THINK IT WILL -- ISN'T THAT
BEAUTIFUL.
ISN'T THAT NICE?
TELEVISION BRINGS PEOPLE
TOGETHER.
BUT, TELEVISION CAN ALSO TEAR US
APART.
IF IT WASN'T FOR TELEVISION,
WOULD DONALD TRUMP BE RUNNING
FOR PRESIDENT?
NO.
HE WOULD BE AT HOME RIGHT NOW,
QUIETLY RUBBING UP AGAINST HIS
WIFE, MALARIA, WHILE SHE
PRETENDS TO BE ASLEEP.
MANY HAVE ASKED, WHO IS TO BLAME
FOR THE DONALD TRUMP PHENOMENON?
I'LL TELL YOU, BECAUSE HE'S
SITTING RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S RIGHT, THAT GUY.
MARK BURNETT, THE MAN WHO
BROUGHT US "CELEBRITY
APPRENTICE."
THANKS TO MARK, WE DON'T HAVE TO
WATCH REALITY SHOWS ANYMORE,
BECAUSE WE'RE LIVING IN ONE.
THANK YOU FOR COMING ALL THE WAY
FROM ENGLAND TO TEAR US APART
WITH YOUR INTRICATE PLOT, IT
WORKED.
YOU SNEAKY LITTLE CRUMPET MUN
MUNCHER.
I'M GOING ON THE RECORD, HE'S
RESPONSIBLE IF DONALD TRUMP GETS
ELECTED, AND HE BUILDS THAT
WALL, THE FIRST PERSON WE'RE
THROWING OVER IT IS MARK
BURNETT.
THE TRIBE HAS SPOKEN.
ONE OTHER LITTLE PIECE OF
BUSINESS.
WE'RE GOING TO DO THINGS A
LITTLE BIT DIFFERENTLY.
THIS YEAR, FOR THE FIRST TIME
EVER, YOU MUST BE PRESENT TO
WIN.
IF WE CALL YOUR NAME, AND YOU'RE
NOT HERE TO ACCEPT, THE EMMY
GOES TO THE NEXT PERSON ON THE
LIST.
THIS YEAR, SHE HAD A SUNDAY
CERAMICS CLASS, MAGGIE SMITH.
SHE HAS THE SAME REACTION THE
REST OF US HAVE WHEN WE GET THE
20% BED BATH AND BEYOND COUPONS
IN THE MAIL, RIGHT IN THE
GARBAGE.
SHE GOES TO THE OSCARS, TO THE
TO
TONYS, THE SOUL TRAIN AWARDS
EVERY YEAR.
BUT IS SHE HERE IN THIS AUDIENCE
THIS YEAR?
NO, I DON'T SEE HER.
FOR THE NINTH TIME.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH US?
WHY DO WE KEEP NOMINATING THIS
WOMAN?
SHE'S TREATING US LIKE THE
PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS.
I HAVE A MESSAGE FOR YOU, IF YOU
WANT AN AWARD, YOU BETTER HOP ON